>>> DIRECTORY CONTENTS >>>

.
├── Makefile 
├── README.txt (the file you are reading right now).
├── data/ (seed files for demos)
├── doc/
│   ├── final_presentation.pdf
│   └── html/ (all files generated by Edoc)
├── include/ (record and macro definitions in .hrl files)
├── jaba/ (Java API)
├── src/ (Erlang source files)
└── taxidemo/ (A Java demo application)

>>> ERLANG VERSION >>>

This code has been developed and tested using Erlang version V5.8.2. 

>>> MAKE IT HAPPEN >>>

Using the make utility you can perform the following actions:

make            ==> Compiles the Erlang source files if necessary. 
make archive    ==> Creates a gziped tar archive of this directory. 
make clean      ==> Removes all beam files and html files generated by Edoc.
make doc        ==> Generates Edoc documentation in the doc/html directory.
make start      ==> Starts the system.
make test       ==> Runs all Eunit tests.
make start      ==> Start the Yaba process.
make taxi NR=X  ==> Start a client seeding taxi positions where X = 1,2,3 or 4.
make arrow NR=X ==> Start a client seeding taxi positions on user input.
make cnode      ==> Compile the C-examples.    


>>> TO COMPILE >>>

Make sure you have Erlang C Interface version 3.7.2. Then to compile the project, simply type make and press enter.


>>> TO RUN AND TEST THE SYSTEM >>>

To run the system simply execute 'make start'. Then subscribe to taxi using node_dist_serv:subscribe_topic(taxi). After this you open a new terminal and execute 'make taxi NR=1'.
